MIT License with Usage Disclaimer

Copyright (c) 2024-2025 numman-ali

USAGE NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER:
This software is provided for personal development use only. Users must comply
with OpenAI's Terms of Service (https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use/) and
Usage Policies (https://openai.com/policies/usage-policies/) when using this
software to access OpenAI services.

The authors and contributors are not responsible for any violations of
third-party terms of service. For commercial use or production applications,
obtain proper API access from OpenAI directly through the OpenAI Platform
(https://platform.openai.com/).

This software uses OpenAI's official OAuth authentication system and is not
affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by OpenAI.

---

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice, usage notice, and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
